[Doc] Updated README (#2919)
ezsystems/ezpublish-kernel: Readme.md

[![SensioLabsInsight](https://insight.sensiolabs.com/projects/0885c0ce-4b9f-4b89-aa9c-e8f9f7a315e0/big.png)](https://insight.sensiolabs.com/projects/0885c0ce-4b9f-4b89-aa9c-e8f9f7a315e0)

Welcome to the *eZ Platform Kernel*. It is the heart of *eZ Platform*, a modern CMS built on top of the Symfony (Full Stack) Framework.

> It contains an advanced Content Model, allowing you to structure any kind of content or content-like data in a future-proof Content Repository. The eZ Platform also aims to provide additional features for the MVC layer (Symfony) to increase your productivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It contains an advanced Content Model, allowing you to structure any kind of content or content-like data in a future-proof Content Repository. eZ Platform Kernel also aims to provide additional features for the MVC layer (Symfony) to increase your productivity.
```

This code repository contains several layers of (and implementations of) APIs. *Kernel* refers to this being the core,
as opposed to the *Full Stack* which has bundles, user interfaces, and installers, all configured to make a complete application.

*This repository is for core development; for fixes, features and documentation of the eZ Platform Kernel itself.*

## What is eZ Platform?

*eZ Platform* is modern, self-sufficient CMS/CMF, and it can be used to meet needs of developers and editorial teams. It has been in development since 2011.

> Current eZ Platform v2 is the 7th generation of eZ Publish, it is built on top of the Symfony 3.4LTS framework (Full Stack). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Current eZ Platform v2 is the 7th generation of the product (previously named eZ Publish). It is built on top of the Symfony 3.4LTS framework (Full Stack). 
```

Reviewer 2: On `master` it will be Symfony 4/ Symfony5 LTS  ;-)

> ### Getting a Full Install (*Full Stack*)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Getting a Full Installation (*Full Stack*)
```

> Reflecting what is described above there are several options to get a full install of this Kernel, see:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Reflecting what is described above there are several options to get a full install of this Kernel:
```

> Reflecting what is described above there are several options to get a full install of this Kernel, see:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several options to get a full installation of this Kernel, see:
```

- [eZ Platform](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform): For a clean install of eZ Platform, a modern Symfony CMS.
- [eZ Platform demo](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-demo): A demo website of eZ Platform, as an example for how to get started.

> - [eZ Platform Enterprise Edition](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-ee) A commercial distribution of eZ Platform that provides additional features and services aimed at editors, editorial teams, and larger organizations.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [eZ Platform Enterprise Edition](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-ee): A commercial distribution of eZ Platform that provides additional features and services aimed at editors, editorial teams, and larger organizations.
```

### Current Organization

> In the doc folder you'll find [Specifications](doc/specifications/) for most features.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the doc folder, you'll find [Specifications](doc/specifications/) for most features.
```

MVC layer:
- [eZ/Bundle](eZ/Bundle/) - the bundles that are important to expose the functionality of the Backend and MVC layer to Symfony.
- [eZ/Publish/Core/MVC](eZ/Publish/Core/MVC/) - the parts that make up the different components extending Symfony.
- [eZ/Publish/Core/Pagination](eZ/Publish/Core/Pagination/) - a component extending PagerFanta for pagination of eZ Platform search queries.
- [ezplatform-rest](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-rest) - a separate repository providing REST server and *prototype* of a REST Client.

Backend:
- [eZ/Publish/API](eZ/Publish/API/) - the definition of stable interfaces for the PHP *Public* API, mainly Content *Repository API*.

> - [eZ/Publish/SPI](eZ/Publish/SPI/)  - Service Provider Interfaces, *not yet frozen*.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [eZ/Publish/SPI](eZ/Publish/SPI/) - Service Provider Interfaces, *not yet frozen*.
```

> - [eZ/Publish/SPI](eZ/Publish/SPI/) - Service Provider Interfaces, *not yet frozen*.

Reviewer 4: It requires expanding a bit:
From my POV the `eZ/Publish/SPI` has two parts:
- `eZ/Publish/SPI/Persistence` is a layer which indeed is not frozen yet, meaning it might change in between releases. Those are persistence interfaces for Storage Engine. They can't be frozen yet, because we wouldn't be able to add features to the API (or rather it would be difficult). _We need to improve this layer so we can actually give SPI BC promise on it_.
- `eZ/Publish/SPI/*` (anything other than `Persistence`) is frozen and has a BC promise of Service Provider Interface, meaning no breaking changes both from consumption and implementation POV.
^ please reword it so it's clear to everyone (and ask me if it's not to you as well ;))

FYI @andrerom - I hope the above is fine with you as well.

Reviewer 5: yes, that is ok from my POV

    php -d memory_limit=-1 vendor/bin/phpunit -c phpunit-integration-legacy.xml
    ```

    To run integration tests against Solr, see [Solr Search Engine Bundle for eZ Platform](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-solr-search-engine).

This should produce a result similar to this: [travis](https://travis-ci.org/ezsystems/ezpublish-kernel). If it doesn't, double-check [.travis.yml](.travis.yml) for up-to-date information on how travis is set up.

## Issue Tracker

> Submitting bugs, improvements, and stories is possible in https://jira.ez.no/browse/EZP.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Submitting bugs, improvements, and stories is possible in [https://jira.ez.no/browse/EZP](https://jira.ez.no/browse/EZP).
```

>   "Implement EZP-201xx: Add support for X in Y"

Reviewer 4: This is very outdated. My fault :)
In short, we don't give orders what to do to our commits ;) We say what we did ;) 

``` Markdown
  "EZP-20104: Fixed ContentController to return error status when content is not found"
  or
  "EZP-20105: Added support for X in Y"
```

* If you want to contribute implementation-specification proposals, place them in the [doc/](doc/) folder.
* Keep different changes in different commits in case cherry-pick is preferred instead of a merge later.
  * A pull request should only cover one issue.
  * A single commit should not contain code changes along with coding standards/whitespace/typo fixes.
* TDD: Write/Change the test(s) for your fix and commit it before you do the actual code change.
  * If a bug affects the Public API, write or enhance an integration test to make sure the bug is covered.
  * Unit tests should only use mocks/stubs and never test the full stack like integration tests do.
* Please test/check your commits before pushing even if we have automated checks in pull requests:
  * Run unit tests and integration tests before commits

>   * Make sure you follow our [coding standards](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-code-style)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  * Make sure you follow our [coding standards](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-code-style) by executing `composer fix-cs` before committing your changes to PHP files.
```

* Keep different changes in different commits in case cherry-pick is preferred instead of a merge later.

>   * A Pull Request should only cover one issue.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * A pull request should only cover one issue.
```
— to maintain consistency with the whole document

>   * A commit should not contain code changes at the same time as doing coding standards/whitespace/typo fixes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * A single commit should not contain code changes along with coding standards/whitespace/typo fixes.
```
